# Release Notes - 2.0.0
## Features
1.  Support for CWL workflows (#81)
2.  Added "--update true" switch to Deployer to automatically update an existing CoA environment to the deployer's current version
3.  Every TesTask now includes its top-most Cromwell Workflow ID as a property (#73)
4.  Support for multiple JSON input files for WDL workflows (#56)
5.  `systemctl restart cromwellazure` can now be used for new CoA settings to take effect without a VM restart

## Bug fixes and enhancements

1.  Cromwell version updated to `50`
2.  Added caching for queries to Azure resources (#75) (#88).  Previously, when under high load, throttling from various Azure components (CosmosDB, Batch, ARM) could result in workflow failure
3.  More resilient file uploads/downloads (#63).  Previously, transient storage issues could result in workflow failure
4.  All projects now target .NET Core 3.1 (#80)
5.  VM sizes and prices are now refreshed daily on a separate thread (#83)
6.  Pinned `blobfuse` to `1.2.4` to avoid auto-updating when breaking changes occur
7.  Added user `vmadmin` to Docker group to allow access to Docker daemon (#94)
8.  Moved `/cromwellazure` and `/mysql` from OS disk to data disk (`/data`) for easier future upgrades and to ensure write durability
9.  Replaced the VM system-managed identity with user-managed one. The new identity is named `{resource group name}-identity`. This identity is created at deployment time if it doesn't exist, or during an update. During an update, roles from the existing VM system-managed identity are copied to the user-managed idenity, and the VM system-identity is deleted. This makes it easier to replace the VM in the future (for an OS upgrade, it is faster to create a new VM as opposed to upgrading the existing one). To permit CoA to access other storage accounts, assign storage account Contributor role to this identity and restart the VM.
10.  Switched to Ubuntu `18.04` for new installations. Old installations are kept at `16.04`. A future PR will enable the OS upgrade.
11.  Variables for Docker Compose have been moved to `env-*` to support easier modification and upgrades
12.  Various NuGet package updates
13.  Linux OS security patches are applied on every update

## Update instructions

You can update any previous CoA deployment to 2.0.0 by using the following instructions.  If you have performed any custom modifications to your CoA deployment, we would highly recommend that you carefully read the CoA Update Notes from (#117)
1.  Follow instructions to [run the deployment executable](https://github.com/microsoft/CromwellOnAzure#run-the-deployment-executable), and for arguments, specify `--Update true --SubscriptionId abc123 --ResourceGroupName mycoa --VmPassword password` with the correct values for your existing CoA deployment. If you don't remember the password, you can reset it via the Azure Portal or Azure CLI.  Example:<br/><br/>
 
`.\deploy-cromwell-on-azure.exe --Update true --SubscriptionId 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000 --ResourceGroupName mycoa --VmPassword password`